    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
Semantic HTML convey meaning beyond the simple presentational value that they provide in a browser.

    2. What is HTML used for?
Web browsers read it to build a webpage. Acts as a blueprint to display data on a users screen.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
Info we don't want rendered on the page (like the link to an image). We put it in a tag.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
Used as a header tag, showing the most importance using a '1'. Should only use it once on a page.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
text, url

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
Metadata

    7. What is an id? 
Attribute that specifies a unique id for an element

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
Most elements except: base, head, html, meta, script, style and title

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
Once

    10. What is a class? 
Titles that can be applied to multiple elements

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
Any element

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
Multiple

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
Add a target attribute to the anchor tags

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
Specifies an alternate text for an area if an image can't be displayed.

    15. How do I reference an id?
#(ID of the element)

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
A section defines sections in a document, divs is used to group block elements to format them with css.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
Style our website

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
{}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
ID is for one specific element, class is multiple. You could use class for all one of the same word. If you wanted your header to be something specific you could use an ID.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
.(name of class)

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
Selects all elements that are a direct child of the element.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
Selector that selects elements that are in a specific state.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
Line height property

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
Letter spacing property

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
Text-transform uppercase, capitalize

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
Border:1px solid black

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
*

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/* */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
Pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
Ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
rm -r You won't be prompted with some systems before deleting file.

    34. Why should I use version control? 
Keeps a history of all your changes.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
Frequently

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push -u origin firstname-lastname

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
Fork repo, clone, create new branch, commit then push, create new pull request, add tl as reviewer

https://codepen.io/bpantoja/pen/poyaZrq